Editorial - Update "processing load .." section (#72)
ietf-wg-scone/appman: draft-ietf-scone-applicability-manageability.md

and guide application usage.

## Considerations of Processing Complexity {#processing-complexity}
As specified in {{Section 6.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}}, SCONE-aware endpoints add
scone indication bytes (values 0xc8 and 0x13 as the last two bytes of the payload of the UDP datagrams that commence a new flow) to support the identification of a SCONE-capable flow
without any need for compute-intensive flow classification. Additionally, SCONE-capable endpoints,

> through bit-rate self-adaptation, remove the need for complex rate-limiting functions in the network

Reviewer: Agreed.

> element. Support for SCONE indication and bit-rate self-adaptation reduces complexity and CPU processing

Reviewer: Agreed.

> As specified in {{Section 6.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}}, SCONE-aware endpoints add
> scone indication bytes (values 0xc8 and 0x13 as the last two bytes of the payload of the UDP datagrams that commence a new flow) to support the identification of a SCONE-capable flow
> without any need for compute-intensive flow classification. Additionally, SCONE-capable endpoints,
> through bit-rate self-adaptation, remove the need for complex rate-limiting functions in the network
> element. Support for SCONE indication and bit-rate self-adaptation reduces complexity and CPU processing
> load in the network element. Similarly as explained in {{Section 7.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}} detection and modification of SCONE packet to update the rate signal field is also a light weight operation.

Reviewer: Two of the three changes here are worth keeping, but there's a terminology regression that should be fixed before this lands, and the first sentence needs a small correction against the protocol spec.

1. Anoop's underlying point on the first sentence is correct: the protocol draft (Section 6.1) has the indication bytes (0xc8, 0x13) appended to the UDP datagram that starts a flow, sent by the client, not "on the first SCONE packet." A SCONE packet is a separate, specifically-defined object (Section 5/5.3, the QUIC long-header packet carrying the SCONE version bytes and Rate Signal field). The current main text conflates the two, so this is a real fix, not just a level-of-detail question.

2. However, this diff also reverts "rate self-adaptation" back to "bit-rate self-adaptation" in both places. That undoes the terminology cleanup from #79/#80, which standardized on "rate" in this section. Keeping the original terminology here.

3. The new sentence citing Section 7.1 is accurate against the pseudocode there (a single conditional bit-flip on the Version/Rate Signal fields) and doesn't touch update frequency, so it doesn't conflict with the cadence guidance elsewhere in the spec. Worth keeping, lightly reworded.

```suggestion
As specified in {{Section 6.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}}, SCONE-aware endpoints add
indication bytes to the UDP datagram that starts a new flow, to support the identification
of a SCONE-capable flow without any need for compute-intensive flow classification. Additionally,
SCONE-capable endpoints, through rate self-adaptation, remove the need for complex rate-limiting
functions in the network element. Support for SCONE indication and rate self-adaptation reduces
complexity and CPU processing load in the network element. Similarly, as explained in
{{Section 7.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}}, detecting a SCONE packet and updating its rate signal
field is also a lightweight operation for the network element.
```

> load in the network element. Similarly as explained in {{Section 7.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}} detection and modification of SCONE packet to update the rate signal field is also a light weight operation.

Reviewer: Agreed on splitting into separate commits, easier to follow. One small tweak to this one:
```suggestion
load in the network element. Similarly, as explained in {{Section 7.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}}, detection and modification of a SCONE packet to update the rate signal field is also a light weight operation for a network element.
```

and guide application usage.

## Considerations of Processing Complexity {#processing-complexity}
As specified in {{Section 6.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}}, SCONE-aware endpoints add

> scone indication bytes (values 0xc8 and 0x13 as the last two bytes of the payload of the UDP datagrams that commence a new flow) to support the identification of a SCONE-capable flow

Reviewer 2: I prefer the original version and leave the details to the spec.

Author: Original version is incorrect, "specific indication on the first SCONE packet" is not correct because UL pkt carrying SCONE indication bytes is not SCONE pkt.

Author: @smishra1200 @mirjak If no follow up question, can we pls accept the changes in this PR?

Reviewer: This works. One consistency note: the rest of the document capitalizes SCONE throughout, worth doing that here too.
```suggestion
SCONE indication bytes at the end of the first UDP datagram in a new flow
to support the identification of a SCONE-capable flow
```

Reviewer 2: @anooptomar29 can you click the commit buttons?

Reviewer: @anooptomar29 to make sure the right text lands: on line 163 and line 167, could you apply my reply (the newer suggestion) rather than the original comment above it? Mine has a couple of small fixes layered on (SCONE capitalization on line 163, and a small wording/typo fix plus "lightweight" as one word on line 167). Lines 165 and 166 are good to apply as posted.

@mirjak once these are committed, this PR will still need the merge conflict resolved against main. Would you like to resolve it yourself, or are you good with me going ahead and merging once everything's in?

without any need for compute-intensive flow classification. Additionally, SCONE-capable endpoints,
through bit-rate self-adaptation, remove the need for complex rate-limiting functions in the network
element. Support for SCONE indication and bit-rate self-adaptation reduces complexity and CPU processing

> load in the network element. Similarly as explained in {{Section 7.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}} detection and modification of SCONE packet to update the rate signal field is also a light weight operation. 

Reviewer 2: This commit removes the whitespace to fix the build. Please apply this commit!
```suggestion
load in the network element. Similarly as explained in {{Section 7.1 of I-D.ietf-scone-protocol}} detection and modification of SCONE packet to update the rate signal field is also a light weight operation.

```
